hi everyone welcome to this probably
natural this is the end of the year yeah
there's almost one and and I wanted to
share with you my favorite or should I
was a fairy my product that abused all
this year that has really helped me in
grade up my hair
let's get started so first of all what I
used to detangle my hair so it's a wash
day and I will use my extra virgin
coconut oil and that is the product that
I used to detangle my hair up to detail
in my head I will put my into twist and
color tonight the next morning if I am
going to pretend treatment i will use
the ovary organics GPB conditioner and
also i would use if i have to cleanse my
hair i usually co-wash most of the time
in the summer i will co wash and i also
use a soft wheat free shampoo but in the
winter i usually co wash on you spin
tonight clay and sometimes i do i will
use the sulfate free shampoo because i
do prefer using bentonite clay because
vitamin K doesn't drop my hair but if I
do co wash I tend to use the all-natural
it is body works all natural cleansing
co wash I love this product there's
nothing in here because what I did was I
put it into this bottle I also used as I
am coconut cohort that works really well
for my hair and it's very good with
detangling my hair and my girls here
after coercion I like to I even if I
shampoo or whenever I use of bentonite
clay I like to follow up with this race
unconditional from Trader Joe's and this
is the trader joe's nourish spa raizle
conditioner and I like to pull it out I
do not leave whistle conditioner in my
hair and I know some people do but I
just understand about leaving Lee result
conditions money I just can't I can't do
it I just I don't know I can't do it if
I do have to cleanse my scalp I will use
apple cider vinegar like a mixture I use
it to cleanse my scalp all I can also
use the Shea Moisture purification mask
I love using this product so once the
lawn
i will clear from my hair with bentonite
clay and this is my favorite favorite
cleanser it really washes out my hair
removes any build-up if I have but since
I do not use silicon petrol their make
mineral oil sump and all that stuff I do
not get a lot of buildup boy if I do
this works really well for me if I have
to use a shampoo is my old faithful and
lets the QP cream conditioner shampoo I
love love love love love this stuff but
I use it sparingly right now since I
found my new love sorry hmm to
definition my hair if it's a protein
deep conditioning i'm using this guy if
it's not pertain deep conditioning
moisture lip conditioner this is my
favorite this stuff is that bomb and
this stuff is really good so I need this
stuff on my hair for my moisturizer swap
two wings in my hair I like to do a cold
race with aloe vera juice and this is
the one I take this i put in a spritz
bottle put a little bit of water in it
and spray my hair and it really gives me
a good shine and its really really helps
my hair out for my living i like using
my Giovanni and this is the big bottle
it's nearly finished I need to refill
this stuff yeah my all mix up the
regular or makes discontents it depends
on what the need of my hair is I put
different balls in here essential oils
extra virgin olive oil I'm on all just
different oils in there so this is my
all mix and I put in my scalp and I do a
scalp massage once a week yes I like
using black castor oil the lavender one
and I eat for my edges because my edges
a little bit weak so I always try to use
it on my ages and it's been working as
been working really well for creams I
like using the Shea Moisture crow and
answer
smoothie for my crane and i also like
using the going nitro where moisture
butter this stuff works really well for
my twist duh so I talked to the one for
my twist by favorite by far which is
almost done is my share a low butter mix
this is shea butter with aloe vera gel
and other odds i do i press before this
this gets my twist pop in and i put on
my hands and it really steals my edge
really well so this is my favorite
favorite favorite favorite this is my
multi-purpose prologues this product i
use it and this is the indian ham and
tomato glow and straighten treatment
mask okay and it's very good for
breakage i use this for my edges I is
this when I do go to steam my hair I
uses a deep conditioner so many things
and I can use it as a stylist so if I
won't have a sleek ponytail I will use
the obeah so this is my style Oh beer
I'm a gel but I really use gel if i use
gel i use their castella are good gel
and i think that is all I'm looking at
my shelf right now I do not see anything
else I'm gonna say nope nothing else so
that's all I use and I just keep this
tin regiment get to sing routine and if
you only see my routine you can go to
discovery natural calm I'm all my
routines of everything I've been doing
and even have the girls with
out this so thank you so much for
watching we have to see you in the next
video and if you have any questions for
me at all I told that all at all if you
have any questions for me please feel
free to put it on Facebook and follow me
on Facebook or Instagram on everything
if you're not follow me on instagram is
a lot because when I'm doing my gosh day
i will put all these pictures on
Instagram so I talk too long and you
know I hit the long we use but thank you
so much I hope you have a wonderful
wonderful year new year so thank you so
much for watching I will see you in the
next video bye that's fortune